Hello everyone and welcome to this lecture in the biggest lectures we learned how can we kind of develop
a little bit of a user name password system where the user can enter the user name and password and
you can compare it to what we have which is you know they use an impasse that we have in the system.
If the user name matches we're going to get say OK access granted if not if not we're going to say Well
access has been denied.
Perfect.
So what we could do right now.
Let's go ahead and actually build our code.
OK.
So first of all we need to if the access has been granted which is here the body.
If we're going to do here we're gonna say OK let's ask the user for time to insert their time and they're
going to say OK.
Going to say input and then ask the user What's the time now let's actually make it like this actually
make it double here.
So what's the time now.
All right.
And then we can give him guidance to say OK let's please use
24 hours formats and maybe you can give them example.
So let's give in and give them an example let's say for example time in some time between 8:00 a.m.
and 3:00 p.m. OK.
Which is simply equivalent to eight and 15 right.
Figures remember.
So that's 8:00 a.m. and that's 15.
OK.
Why is that.
Because what we're going to do here we're going to create a dictionary that explicitly take these values
only.
OK.
All right.
It's good all right.
And the user will get to get data.
And what we're going to do here we're going to say OK we're going to insert that into time on the score
hours on the score.
Now that's the time right now.
And if you remember input we're going to return this string right.
Obviously we're not interested in the string.
We want to cast it into a float or integer or whatever.
But I'm going to use a float because we might need for example 10 and half hours or something like that
so that we're going to turn our time here.
OK.
All right let's test it.
So let's run it into user name so we have right here entered our password.
We can secure ASCII percentage.
One two three.
Daniel K..
That's good.
X is vented.
And now what's the time right now please enter the format something like that you're going to say okay
to say the time is 10.
Looks good.
If you take a look at time H now looks great.
Now we have the time is 10.
That's perfect.
All right.
OK.
Looks good.
What we could do afterwards here is that we want to call the function and that function will going to
simply do all our planning for us.
So the function is called day underscored planner.
I'm going to call that function and send to it the time H now which is a time call the function and
tell it what's the time right now.
And the function we have to define it.
Obviously you haven't defined it yet.
So can you define it.
And what's the function is defined.
OK.
What we wanted to do here is this we wanted to if you remember one of the elements here that wanted
to the program to provide students with previous lecture notes.
Let's actually do this here.
That would be the body of the if it's going to take my file equals two guys remember open you can open
the file.
We're going to say open lecture notes file a score lecture on the score notes dot text write that once
we open the file.
Oh my apologies.
And after we open the file we're going to keep print.
We want to print the data to the user write my file dot read and that's it.
Let's take a look.
So let's try it again.
Let's introduce a name and set our password.
Actually forgot the password why is key.
Why is key percentage.
One two three.
That's it.
What's the time right now.
Let's say 10 and it's tell me well something is not right.
First of all date planet is not defined which makes sense because we haven't defined the function right.
Let's actually common that out because we haven't found it yet.
I just wanted to test that portion of the file opening the file and exiting it because we have the fight
already right.
We have Ryan we have the password is why ASCII key percentage 1 2 3.
What's the time right now.
Let's say 10.
And here we go.
So we have the lecture notes we have the date and the professor of lecture and pretty much we read the
exact file which is you know the data that we have here in our file.
All right.
That looks great.
There is obviously one missing piece which is you know that the day planner function.
All right.
So let's go ahead and design our day planner functions separately.
Let's see how can we do this.
If you guys remember when we wanted to define functions in general let's actually define the function
here beforehand.
I'm going to say and say I could define right.
I'm going to say day underscore planner and the day planner will simply he we call the function and
we send out the timeline or what we need.
He does time and hours a time on the score.
Our other score now we can.
You guys can call it whatever you want.
Right.
And what we could do is that we want it here to define kind of addiction that he say let's say a time
for example between let's say 8:00 a.m. and 10:00 a.m. You need to attend this specific lecture at time
between 10:00 a.m. and let's say 12:00 12:00.
You need to attend this specific lecture and so on.
So what we could do let's define that as a dictionary.
It's going to say okay daily discourse task equals to when open curly brackets going to say okay a time
10 we are actually having a programming lecture and let's specify the location is we're going to say
a room a that's actually should be put years and there's four.
All right.
So that's the first element within our dictionary because remember we can define a dictionary in a form
of a key value pair.
So that's the key.
And that's the value right.
I say OK.
Time 12:00 we wanted to go to a computer vision lecture and that should be in Room C. All right looks
good.
Let's go to 13.
Let's say OK.
And then basic when I say 13 that means I'm talking about time from twelve till one o'clock.
Right.
That's actually lunchtime.
So let's say lunchtime at the maybe make it like that at the cafeteria
OK.
It's good let's make it like you know like fun time you know something like this.
All right.
Looks good.
And what we could do afterwards say OK a time 15 what we're going to do we're going to say OK.
That's actually my group project meeting which is at room E. R right.
Looks terrific looks great.
All right.
So that's that's a first project what we need to do as well here is that we wanted to simply compare
OK the time they're going to be sent here to the time that we have you the zone as per say.
And once we do that then we'll get a print which day which lecture you should be attending and which
room you're going to be each would be attending the lecture.
OK.
All right.
Let's take a break here and let's continue in the next lecture so we can actually run the entire code
together and build it together.
I hope you guys enjoy the lecture and see you in the next lecture.